add calibrate resource error for 7.1 (#14132)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-calibrate-resource.md

- The time window ranges from 10 minutes to 24 hours.
- In the specified time window, if the CPU utilization of TiDB and TiKV is too low, you cannot estimate the capacity.

> **Note:**
>

> > TiKV does not monitor CPU usage  metrics on macOS, it does not support capacity estimation based on actual workload on macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> TiKV does not monitor CPU usage metrics on macOS. It does not support capacity estimation based on actual workload on macOS.
```

ERROR 1105 (HY000): The workload in selected time window is too low, with which TiDB is unable to reach a capacity estimation; please select another time window with higher workload, or calibrate resource by hardware instead
```

> The capacity estimation needs to Prometheus metric data, including `resource_manager_resource_unit`, `process_cpu_usage`, `tikv_cpu_quota`, and `tidb_server_maxprocs`. If the corresponding metrics data is empty, an error is displayed indicating the name of the metrics item as shown in the following example. And `resource_manager_resource_unit` is empty when no workload, so this error will also be reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The capacity estimation function requires monitoring metrics data according to the actual load, including `resource_manager_resource_unit`, `process_cpu_usage`, `tikv_cpu_quota`, and `tidb_server_maxprocs`. If the corresponding monitor data is empty, an error is reported with the corresponding monitor item name, as shown in the following example. This error is also reported when `resource_manager_resource_unit` is empty when there is no load at all.
```

> The capacity estimation function requires monitoring metrics data according to the actual workload, including `resource_manager_resource_unit`, `process_cpu_usage`, `tikv_cpu_quota`, and `tidb_server_maxprocs`. If the corresponding monitor data is empty, an error occurs with the corresponding monitor item name, as shown in the following example. When there is no workload, `resource_manager_resource_unit` is empty, and this error also occurs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The capacity estimation function requires monitoring metrics data according to the actual workload, including `resource_manager_resource_unit`, `process_cpu_usage`, `tikv_cpu_quota`, and `tidb_server_maxprocs`. If the corresponding monitor data is empty, an error occurs with the corresponding monitor item name, as shown in the following example. When there is no workload and `resource_manager_resource_unit` is empty, this error also occurs.
```

> The capacity estimation function requires monitoring metrics data according to the actual workload, including `resource_manager_resource_unit`, `process_cpu_usage`, `tikv_cpu_quota`, and `tidb_server_maxprocs`. If the corresponding monitor data is empty, an error is reported with the corresponding monitor item name, as shown in the following example. When there is no workload, `resource_manager_resource_unit` is empty, and this error is also reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The capacity estimation function requires monitoring metrics data according to the actual workload, including `resource_manager_resource_unit`, `process_cpu_usage`, `tikv_cpu_quota`, and `tidb_server_maxprocs`. If the corresponding monitor data is empty, an error occurs with the corresponding monitor item name, as shown in the following example. When there is no workload, `resource_manager_resource_unit` is empty, and this error also occurs.
```

```sql
CALIBRATE RESOURCE START_TIME '2023-04-18 08:00:00' DURATION '60m';
Error 1105 (HY000): metrics 'resource_manager_resource_unit' is empty
```

> TiKV does not monitor CPU usage  metrics on macOS. An error indicating the name of the metrics item is shown in the following example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because TiKV does not monitor CPU usage on macOS, it reports an error that the corresponding monitoring data is empty, as shown in the following example.
```

> TiKV does not monitor CPU usage on macOS. If you execute `CALIBRATE RESOURCE` on macOS, the following error occurs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiKV does not monitor CPU usage on macOS. The following error occurs when you estimate capacity based on actual workload on macOS:
```

> Because TiKV does not monitor CPU usage on macOS, when you execute `CALIBRATE RESOURCE` on macOS, the folloiwng error occurs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because TiKV does not monitor CPU usage on macOS, when you execute `CALIBRATE RESOURCE` on macOS, the following error occurs:
```

> Because TiKV does not monitor CPU usage on macOS, when you execute `CALIBRATE RESOURCE` on macOS, the following error occurs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiKV does not monitor CPU usage on macOS. When you execute `CALIBRATE RESOURCE` on macOS, the following error occurs:
```

> Because TiKV does not monitor CPU usage on macOS, it reports an error that the corresponding monitoring data is empty, as shown in the following example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because TiKV does not monitor CPU usage on macOS, when you execute `CALIBRATE RESOURCE` on macOS, the folloiwng error occurs:
```
